set up new Ingress section (#1311)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/deploying/deployment-tutorials/deploy-corda-cluster.md

```
As with the number of replicas, you may need to adjust these values based on testing with your actual application workload.

### Exposing the REST API

By default, the [REST API](../../operating/operating-tutorials/rest-api.html) is exposed on an internal Kubernetes service. To enable access from outside the Kubernetes cluster, use one of the following:

* [Kubernetes Ingress]({{< relref "#kubernetes-ingress" >}})
* [AWS Load Balancer Controller]({{< relref "#aws-load-balancer-controller" >}})

#### Kubernetes Ingress

> We recommend configuring Kubernetes Ingress to provide the REST worker with HTTP load balancing. This also enables optional annotations for additional integration, such as External DNS or Cert Manager. For example, the following configuration specifies

Author: @vadanx Can you provide an example configuration please?

Reviewer: @nadinequinr3, assuming we won't be providing annotation examples, here is an example configuration:

```yaml
workers:
  rest:
    ingress:
      # optional annotations for the REST worker ingress
      annotations: {}
      # optional className for the REST worker ingress
      className: "nginx"
      # required hosts for the REST worker ingress
      hosts:
      - your-rest-worker.development.example.com
```

Reviewer: I will commit to this branch.

```
As with the number of replicas, you may need to adjust these values based on testing with your actual application workload.

### Exposing the REST API

> By default, the [REST API](../../operating/operating-tutorials/rest-api.html) is exposed on an internal Kubernetes service. To enable access from outside the Kubernetes cluster, use one of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the [REST API]({{< relref "../../operating/operating-tutorials/rest-api.md" >}}) is exposed on an internal Kubernetes service. To enable access from outside the Kubernetes cluster, use one of the following:
```

* [Kubernetes Ingress]({{< relref "#kubernetes-ingress" >}})
* [AWS Load Balancer Controller]({{< relref "#aws-load-balancer-controller" >}})

#### Kubernetes Ingress

We recommend configuring Kubernetes Ingress to provide the REST worker with HTTP load balancing. This also enables optional annotations for additional integration, such as External DNS or Cert Manager. For example:
```yaml
workers:
  rest:
    ingress:
      # optional annotations for the REST worker ingress
      annotations: {}
      # optional className for the REST worker ingress
      className: "nginx"
      # required hosts for the REST worker ingress
      hosts:
      - <your-rest-worker.development.example.com>
```

#### AWS Load Balancer Controller

> Alternatively, the API can be fronted by a load balancer. The Helm chart allows annotations to be specified to facilitate the creation of a load balancer by a cloud-platform specific controller. For example, the following configuration specifies that the [AWS Load Balancer Controller](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/aws-load-balancer-controller.html) fronts the REST API with a Network Load Balancer internal to the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC):

Reviewer: @nadinequinr3, I feel this line should be something along the lines of "Alternatively, the API can be fronted directly with a load balancer." to differentiate it with the "ingress" option, which may also incorporate a load balanacer, but indirectly.
